When I was three,
mum left us.
Dad lied to me that mum was just hiding.
She will come back for me when I grow up.
She is inside the lighthouse.
Mum, come out. I miss you so much.
Hey!
- Good morning, miss lai.
- Good morning!
"Memorial ceremony of Lee yuk Ian"
Highlight of the week!
Chow Kai kwong, the chairman
of auroara telecommunication corporation,
the Chinese-American gatsby
of entertainment-media field,
has successfully acquired macao's hotel.
This news convulsed both America
and Macau's financial field.
Mr. chow ranks 8th on the list
of Chinese-American billionaires
announced by fortune in 2014.
He has one daughter, Debbie chow.
Everybody sees? Interesting is that
Debbie's foreign boyfriend
just proposed to her.
Once the bodyguard arrived,
that handsome guy... oops...
Sweetie, don't tell me you choose this man.
"Coward"
your taste is just getting worse!
Come on!
You haven't played enough in these years?
Not really.
One bet. You come back
to be the ceo for a year.
After that, I won't interfere in your life.
Seriously?
But what's the duty of a ceo?
Put this on and we will talk.
Wear this?
I have something important to do, see you.
Ask Jose if there is any problem.
Who's "se"?
Miss ch... ch... chow
"Amazing grace! How sweet the sound"
"that saved a wretch like me!"
We still have an unfinished fight.
Bye!
Uncle kin!
My name is uncle kin.
I like cars since I was young.
They are an inseparable part of my life.
Macau is the whole world to me.
One midnight, it took
me less than 10 minutes
to take a round in my world.
I enjoy simple living.
I have been with phillis since secondary 3.
When all people think
we will never break up,
this indeed makes me feel harder...
To maintain this relationship.
Hey! Ho! Hey!
Lion king competition!
Oh, my shoe!
Arrh...
Hand off! 3,5,5! 13 for large!
Hey, shi tze wah!
How many times I have told you
this is not a gambling den?
Lower your voice!
Just be vigorous! Excuse me. 13 for large.
- Good morning miss lai.
- Good morning!
Hello?
- Is me.
- Sis, you look nice on TV.
Shut it up. You know what?
My dad caught me back
and made me be the ceo.
That's great!
Great? He left me some gms to brief with.
- What am I supposed to brief?
- Good morning miss lai.
Hey, I have to go. Hang up now, bye.
Hey, hey, hey!
I'm late. Be quick!
Be quick!
- Good morning...
- You again?
Coming every Monday...
Miss lai doesn't want to see you.
- Flowers again?
- Yes.
Sigh, just pass to me.
- Auntie fan!
- Sh...
Yan, I told you not to
call me auntie at school.
You forgot again.
Ok, miss lai.
10, 9, 8, 7...
Mr. Monday comes again.
4.3, 2,1
I will come back next Monday!
Mr. Monday is nearly perfect.
You are still not interested?
Having French cuisine every day is boring.
Just for this reason? Poor him.
Wow, Indian lunchbox again.
No grand French meal but Indian food...
It is so delicious!
This butter chicken with...
Lachabrata
they together smell much
stronger than durian.
I, on behalf of all staff, request you
to quarantine yourself while eating.
I believe that...
You are actually an Indian!
We have to take action. Yes!
Morning everyone! I am Debbie.
This is my first day here.
Nice to meet you all.
Even though you don't say it out,
I know what you are thinking.
"She gets this post
only because of her father."
That's true.
I will implement new measures.
Firstly, staff parties.
Secondly, muay thai boxing competition.
Thirdly, rock climbing competition.
And premier league tickets'll be given
with your year-end bonus.
I will lead you all to
watch Manchester derby!
Hahaha...
Everyone cheers up!
Kelvin, let's rehearse the act
"the edge of heaven".
"Musical "met a 1941s girl" in rehearsal"
just sing it out.
Director, the leading actress
hasn't yet arrived?
Maty, why the leading
actress is late again?
Sorry.
I have called her for times
but she didn't pick up.
We are amateur,
not unprofessional.
Alright, I will call her now.
- You, come here.
- Yes.
I want you to do this act
with the leading actor.
Do this act?
Yes, go!
But I don't know how to act.
You don't really have to. Just stand there.
Come and stand here.
Kelvin, try it.
- Me?
- Stand in here
is music ready?
3,2,1, go!
This is dom Pedro v theatre.
Normally, no video
shooting is allowed here.
But with the help of instituto cultural,
we can rent it this time.
"I have no regrets meeting you."
Good, now's the female vocal.
At chorus, I want you to...
"Christmas night,
my tears involuntarily run down"
"the planes shines far in the wind"
"the sound of bombs is unceasing."
"Heaven falls and earth rends."
Bn 4a one in silence?
"How many people are g
"we fail to wait for the dawn."
"What can I do now?"
"No guarantee for tomorrow."
"My heart is a shooting star"
"falling into the uncertain future."
"Will he and I be still in love?"
"Who is my love for life?"
Sorry, I just can't stop singing it out.
Phillis, you sang well!
- Yes.
- Really?
Hi, my name is Marco,
a music producer in mainland.
Can I talk with your manager?
What?
Miss ch... ch... chow
you again?
Miss ch... chow, are you wearing
the senior staff uniform?
Yes. This is my first day of work.
I want to inspect the
daily operation before
the staffs know my identity.
Is it ok?
Nice!
What's your name?
Jo... Jose
Jose!
Why don't you introduce yourself?
Any special interest?
Yes. It is hard to share with you...
How hard can it be?
Half of my friends are also... Jose.
- Ch... ch...
- Hello
hello
don't follow me.
People can guess what's going on
if you're with me.
But...
Hello
Cousin wah!
Shanghai girl!
Let's go to another table!
She is here for wah again.
Little cousin. You don't need
to come this frequently.
- I miss you!
- I need to make this clear.
I have no feeling on you.
Don't waste your time torturing me.
You want to do things the hard way?
Do you know how many nobly gentlemen
don't even get the chance to see her?
How lucky you are!
Ok, chill.
Treat me as a normal customer.
I have no choice but to serve you then.
Be quick. Place your bet.
Enough for talking! Let's bet!
Why not? Koyuki. I won't be gentle.
Won 8 times in a row!
He is really "bad luck wah"!
I am known for bad luck.
How hard is it to win upon me?
Let's change the rule.
If I win, I accompany you for a year.
Great! What if you lose?
If I lose, you go back to Shanghai
and never come back.
Large bet...
Ok, deal!
Ok
Large!
I can finally hang around with my cousin!
"Bad luck wah" is now "lucky wah"!
Excuse me.
Do you know where travessa
do armazém velho is?
Travessa do armazém velho? I have no idea.
Sorry, I am new to here.
It's ok.
You are from another place too?
Shanghai. I am leaving tomorrow.
Maybe you can ask other people. Sorry.
- Thanks!
- Bye.
At this moment,
I feel like falling in love with this city.
"Little store in good condition seeks
for new owner."
What's wrong? Future star.
That Marco is
a famous music producer in mainland.
He arranged me to be
the representative of Macau
for a singing contest.
I am so nervous now.
What to do? Oh god...
Don't freak out.
Just sing happily as in the choir.
Come with me!
What exactly can I do there?
And I am not free.
I have my big plan on the
racetrack this year.
Uncle kin!
What?
Marco said
if I determine to be a singer,
I will have to attend intensive trainings.
I will not be with you all the time.
Let's deal with it later.
Dinner is ready.
- Go to hell!
- Ka sing.
- Yes!
- Have you been to the lighthouse?
- No, what's with it?
Kai kwong, you jerk!
Yuk Ian is the daughter of the lightkeeper.
She took photos for people there
in her spare time.
To earn some money.
That person in the church
was chow Kai kwong?
Yuk Ian hit both of us like a thunder.
Why did she choose you at last?
Chun keung, I am telling you...
I met yuk Ian at the lighthouse,
we've been married for 40 years.
I try to move on after she left.
My daughter's left for 5 years.
You still can't let go.
Life is short. Don't waste it.
Get a new girlfrined.
I am busy with the shop.
I don't care if you go clubbing
or speed dating,
just don't spend the whole day at home.
Don't worry about me. I
have many things to do.
My cholesterol level is
a bit high recently.
Don't always ask me out for dinner.
He said his ass was like on fire.
He is just exaggerating.
My wife is a diehard fan of Indian culture.
Our first movie was "pumpkin bungee jump"
Even though there was no subtitle,
we enjoyed the movie much.
After my wife left,
I tried to watch Indian movies by myself.
I see this girl every time.
She always laughs out loud.
The last time I went there,
whenever I heard her laughter,
I felt that my wife
was sitting right next to me.
After that, I don't watch
movies there anymore.
Aunt, I am back.
What happened, tao tao. Are you sick?
Punished by the teacher again?
Daddy, I am jilted...
Is you, manager! What a coincidence!
Oh, is you.
- We are destined for this encounter.
- Yes.
My car broke down. Do you have the contact
of car towing service?
You earn around ten thousand a month.
How can you afford a car like this?
Defalcation?
Me?
I borrow it from a friend.
I see.
I planned to dine at feliciano.
Feliciano? I am familiar with there.
Ok.
Snaky wah?
Hey, snaky wah, how many seat?
- Two seats, fat b.
- Here is feliciano?
It's weird... feliciano?
Why are we here at fommei hotpot?
Oops, I messed up.
Never mind! Fonmei hotpot is tasty too.
Come!
Here!
- Good job!
- Of course, cold beer?
Thanks!
You are Mr. big!
I have many friends.
Connections are important.
Your girlfriend?
No. But hard to tell in the future.
- Dare to say again?
- I'm just kidding!
No doubt you keep it a secret, snaky wah.
Snaky wah? Call him master shi.
Yes, master shi.
Master? Why?
Master of shi style kung fu.
Snake?
- Fat b! Come, come, come.
- Yes.
Tonight, their table's bill is on me.
Ok, theirs is on me too.
No problem.
Master has much money in his pocket.
I am just on my own,
friends are important to me.
I can't spend all money on myself.
Thanks master.
Thanks Mrs. shi.
Not Mrs. shi. Just Debbie.
Mrs. Debbie shi.
Cheers!
This group of beasts can drink. Can you?
Can 1? You want to cover for me?
Take care of yourself first.
Ok. Fat b.
Such a fun night. Take my treasure out!
This generous?
All are my treat tonight!
Wow!
Cheers!
The address is in the pocket.
Forgot to tell you.
I am the female champion
of england drinking competition
Great, finally a nice sleep tonight.
Idiot,
don't get drunk when the taxi
can't park under your building!
You live so far away
ouch!
Ouch!
Snaky wah, it's midnight!
- People have to sleep here!
- Mrs. ho,
you will never get this slipper back!
Hey! Didn't you say you
would act like drunk?
I am really drunk.
Snaky wah!
Give me back the slipper!
You have a crush on me”?
Dad, I help you take a drink?
Just ask Jose to take it.
No, I will do it myself.
Sure.
Hello - hello
oh, are you that chow Kai kwong?
Yes.
Yes
Mr. chow, you are the new boss
of this hotel, right?
Sort of.
Oh, then I am so sorry.
We won a lot of money here.
Wow, how much did you win?
More than twenty thousand.
Twenty thousand! You
really have to spare us.
Try my best. Try our best.
I will fire you if you keep following me.
L... l... try to do something else then.
Hurry, she is waiting for you.
You go there first. I will catch up.
- Go!
- I will tell her.
Chirp.
Why are you here?
Why didn't you find me?
Why should I find you?
- Last night...
- What?
Cousin, why putting on the swimming trunks
takes you so long?
Calling you, labrador.
Listen, I am not a labrador.
Haha~
and now I have to go
and deal with that. I will be back.
Cousin, come.
Mr. chow,
I would like to introduce my honey to you.
- Say hello to boss.
- What?
He is the new boss of this hotel!
Hello, Mr. chow.
You are a staff of our hotel?
Yes, my name is shi tze wah.
You have to swim with the customer.
Thanks for your hard work.
You are welcome.
You two are such a match today.
Good observation.
We are meant to be together
since we were young.
No, she is just kidding.
We are just distant relatives.
Nonsense.
Don't talk any more.
Let's have fun in water.
You know I don't know how to swim.
- No problem. I will teach you.
- No,
I don't want to learn.
I really don't want to...
Cousin, cousin!
Help! Help!
Relax. Relax.
Spread out. I will do the cpr.
Oh my dear lord!
Hi miss. Your coffee
thank you - enjoy!
- Thank youl!
- Enjoy!
- What do you want to drink?
- Latte
excuse me, may we have 2 cups of coffee?
How is it? Great?
- How is it?
- It looks awful.
- I need to punish you!
- Come on, it looks wonderful.
No!
Ok, I will draw on my face then.
I will help.
Wait, no!
Am I disturbing you?
No. Anyway, I am closing the shop soon.
- I help you tidy up.
- No, thanks.
Are we... still friends?
You haven't contacted me for a year.
What kind of friend this is?
I'm ss 0 rry!
I don't want to hear this.
Go back. Forget everything.
You are right in front of me!
How can I forget you and everything?
Ok
Now you see me. So?
I just broke up with her.
You come to me after breaking up with her.
Should I say thank you?
Should I be thankful for this?
You think I have nothing to do
but just waiting for you
after breaking up with you?
I know you will wait for me.
You waited for me no matter how slowly
I painted before.
You still keep the painting.
It means you still have me in your heart.
Give me back.
No.
I said let go.
Do you really treasure our days
together this much?
If so, why did you leave me?
I am asking you!
You like it that much,
then why did you leave a year ago?
Answer me.
I am asking you why you left!
Congratulations! Congratulations!
Thanks! Thanks!
We are married!
I do this for the sake of auntie fan.
Don't think that I really like you!
Got it! Ouch!
Fan, are you alright?
Something happened. Come and help!
Ok, coming.
You behave weird all the time.
Join us quickly.
Ok!
Yan, since we skipped rope together
in the pe lesson,
I have been missing you for all time.
I want to tell you this now. I love youl!
Can you be my girlfriend?
14th nov. Tao tao.
See? How ridiculous!
Of course!
Didn't I teach you the format
of a letter before?
Start in a new row. Leave 2 boxes of space
at the beginning.
What's more, the date should be
after your signature.
I taught you before.
Miss lai, be serious!
They are getting married!
I need to see your parents.
My dad will beat me up!
No room for negotiation.
I don't need to see your parents
because I am meeting your mum tonight.
So ridiculous...
Seel
this is achillis lock.
Once I've locked you,
you cannot move. Try it.
Ouch. Yes,
- I cannot move.
- Of course.
This one is armbar.
Once I did that,
you will surrender because of the pain.
Ouch! It's so painful! I surrender!
What's wrong with you?
Good evening. How many seats needed?
Hey beauties, what for drinks?
I want a bottle of red wine.
Sure.
Wait.
Maybe 2 glasses of gold
label reserve instead.
No problem.
Surrender! I surrender!
Dad - yes?
I want to ask you one thing.
What?
Do you miss mum?
Yes.
Well... after mum died,
have you ever loved another woman?
Answer me!
Well. That's not for a kid to know.
Just answer me.
That's not for a kid to know.
Silly kid!
Once, I thought no one
can take my wife's place
until a year ago...
When I met the woman
who passed me a handkerchief in the cinema.
Come! Cheers!
Cheers!
I don't talk about the past.
Let's talk about the present.
So where is your Mr. right?
Want me to introduce one for you?
I have never changed. He is my Mr. right.
What? You still love this Indian Andy lau?
Let's be serious.
It is really difficult to find a man
who is willing to
watch Indian movies with you.
A few years ago,
I met a man who likes
watching Indian movies.
I met him again later...
After that time,
I have never seen him again.
Hey! Did you see it?
It's still shining. Don't fool me.
Bottom up.
A big man cried like that
he must have gambled away all his money.
No, he was caught...
Having a mistress.
No. If you saw the sadness in his eyes,
you would know he actually
lost his true love.
Alright. I'll show you.
Losing money or being caught
having a mistress...
Looks like this.
Losing the true love is like this.
The difference is obvious.
You painted quite a picture.
You're right. You're right.
Then how about you?
Me? I am awesome.
You know what?
The day before I came back here
a handsome guy had proposed to me.
That's great!
He made all the vows,
promised to protect me
and said all the sweet words.
When he saw my dad's bodyguard
walking to me like the hulk,
he escaped fast... like the flash.
I am used to this already.
Not the first time.
However, I feel like not believing
in love anymore.
What? Don't believe in love?
All I want is so simple.
I just want someone
who is brave enough to love me.
That's it.
What?
I think of someone.
Here you go!
Did you say nothing can stop you from love?
Yes! Nothing can stop me from love.
Nothing can stop me... arrh!!
- Drink!
- Cheers!
Uncle kin. Thank you!
Thank you? It took me the whole day
fixing your car.
Hey, we are like brothers.
Don't grumble at me.
Don't grumble? Hey!
I heard from your friends that
you brought a beauty to fumei hotpot.
Wow, you heard this too?
Well, the girl is just so-so.
So-s0?
Your face's telling me
that she is not just so-so.
Really? I am telling you.
Women...
They are too complex and illogical
for you to understand.
Let's not talk about this.
When my car will be done?
Come on. Not tonight.
I have to watch the singing
contest of phillis.
Anywhere is the same.
You don't need to go
back home to watch that.
You can watch it here, can't you?
Do you remember?
When we were young, we
watched digimon here.
Still so sharp and clear.
Japanese product, a
guarantee for good quality.
Have you checked your eyes?
You are not helping me?
What kind of brother you are?
I won't do the good luck ritual
for you at new year.
No luck for you next year!
Hey! Your car...
I will pee on it. The urine will
corrode the engine. Come on!
Look! I meant it. I am doing it!
Shh...
Please, we are best buddies.
Please! I beg you!
Why I know a rascal like you...
What have I done wrong?
Ah...
What's the next line? Can't remember.
Phillis
relax.
I teach you one knack.
Just think all people under the stage
are blind,
ok?
Ok.
Forty years ago,
two good friends fell in love
with the same girl.
One is of them was so confident of himself.
He suggested a way to resolve this...
I bought two movie tickets
from two cinemas.
Ka sing and I will be
waiting for you in
separate cinemas tomorrow.
Cinema alegria or cinema Victoria,
it's your choice.
The next competitor is
phillis from Macau.
Age 20.
She is singing "self-rescue".
"Crying to fatigue, vocal
cord is worn out."
"My whole world collapsed because of you."
"No sleep for seven days,
no food for three meals. Who cares?"
"Let the fever be with me on bed."
"If I can rescue myself, fight with
the lovelorn feeling till the end,"
"I wish I could accept everything tomorrow
after getting drunk tonight."
"There's no way for self-rescue.
I breathe for you."
"I am willing to be kept as a puppet.”
Dad.
What?
Don't bring me to eat Indian food anymore.
I feel uncomfortable when I go to toilet.
I miss your mum
so I want to find the same taste as hers.
No way
dad
what?
I remember mum telling me that
the day you proposed to
her in the lighthouse
was the happiest day in her life.
Same for daddy.
Go to sleep now.
Want to prove that you love me,
you will have to live each day
to the fullest... cheer!
After I'm gone, don't miss me anymore.
Want to prove that you love me,
you will have to live each day
to the fullest... cheer!
Miss chow ran away again.
Boss will fire us when we get back.
You don't say! Just search!
Hey, do you remember me?
Travessa do armazém velho, ha...
How are you?
Fine. You said you were leaving.
Why are you working here?
I stay here to open this cafe.
I need to get changed. I'll be right back.
Sure.
- Byebye.
Get changed... there's a
reason for you to stay.
May I ask you a question?
Ok.
Do you find
love just like fruits?
The sweetness doesn't last long.
Once you missed it,
you can never taste it again.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
I... I want to give you
back the handkerchief.
I bring you to learn Indian martial art.
I teach you to cook Indian curry.
I am yeung chun keung!
I am lai tze fan!
Hi!
Uncle kin!
Yes?
Remember? The monitress from
our primary school lives here.
We always played around here at that time.
Of course I do. You once bumped your head.
My mum beat me up for that.
Yes...
Sorry!
Oh, I haven't congratulated you yet.
You look pretty today.
Thanks!
This dress was
chosen by the stylist of Marco.
There were many reporters from Hong Kong.
It's pity that you could not come...
I am busy for the garage
I don't have spare time...
I will go to Japan for the training
two days later.
My family will hold a farewell party
for me tomorrow's night.
You have to come!
Leave it later.
No, promise me. You have to come.
You love drinking coke so much.
You don't know Japanese.
How can you order it?
Leave it later.
That is, let's leave it later.
Uncle kin, drink?
A bottle of beer!
Hey! Did you watch "the singer of China"?
Yes, a girl from Macau has got
into the semifinal.
Yes, I watched that too.
That girl is petite and yet sings well.
It doesn't matter how well she sings.
Pretty face and great
body are king and queen.
Why is singing related to those?
Are you really this innocence?
How can you get into the semifinal
without going backdoor,
getting on bed nowadays?
You are right.
Your face, your fate.
Well said!
"Hey! Come and help now! Mum has prepared
so much food. Wait for you!"
"Police station"
"Waiting for you!"
"Let's break up!"
"To cheung ching"
- Kai kwong?
- Ouch!
Ka sing, are you alright?
Cousin, don't be like this...
Hey, can you bring me to see Debbie?
No way. I will be fired!
I really miss her much!
Bring me to see her!
N... n... no!
You are the best person in this company.
Most handsome... understanding.
How can you not help me?
N... no!
Please!
Seriously?
No!
- Yan!
- Uncle keung.
Where is miss lai?
She is back.
How can you still smile?
- Auntie fan!
- Miss lai!
Hello, miss lai.
I am not miss lai.
I am the language teacher from mainland.
What? Why?
Isn't auntie fan handling this?
Yes, we want auntie fan.
Oh, miss lai just left.
She asked me to help handle this.
That's different. Let's wait for her.
Please come with me.
Ok.
Over there.
Thanks, Jose!
Al... although you are a... a rascal,
you are brave to fight for your love.
You are worth helping.
It is not about being brave.
I just know that if I don't do this now,
[...i will... will regret for sure.
Don't bar my way! I need to see Debbie.
What are you doing here? Get out!
No more words. Come one. Chinese kung fu!
Shi style, snaky fist!
You jerk,
punched on my face! It's painful!
You just aimed at my face! It hurts!
I need to see Debbie!
No one can stop me!
You hear me?
Understand?
Debbie!
Debbie! I really like you!
Snaky wah!
Amigo!
Did you two forget your medicine today?
Hey, you are going for a girl?
Hey! Snaky wah is going for a girl!
Come help him!
Dumb kei, come and help!
Heading where? Propose?
I don't want to be an expired fruit!
Miss ling, I'm sorry.
They are just mischievous.
I guarantee that they
will never do this again.
Right, tao tao?
When teachers and parents
build up better connections,
children will have fewer
behavioural problems.
I don't see you out. I leave first.
- Alright, goodbye.
- Bye.
Why are you two downcast?
Let's go home.
Tao tao, you've grown up. Behave well, ok?
You've promised your mum.
What's the matter?
I am not naughty. I just want a mother!
Every classmate has one, why not me?
I want a mum!
Why I don't!
Why? Tell me!
I want a mum. I don't care!
Sorry son.
I promise you. I will find you a mother.
Stop crying. Let's go home.
Stop crying. Let's go.
"Okenkidesuka"
is "how are you".
"Oishii"
"delicious".
"Matane"
means "see you later".
"Ganbatte"
"do the best!"
"Watashiwako-ra-gadaisukidesu"
it means "il like coke."
I like coke.
I haven't been here since you left.
Then why did you ask me to come?
This is from yuk Ian.
If you choose Kai kwong
I'll give you two all my blessing.
- Kai kwong?
- Ouch!
Ka sing, are you alright?
I didn't go to any cinema that day.
My decision was not made before the movie.
It was after the movie.
I don't need a competent man.
I just want a man who loves me.
Kai kwong
your world is about business, not love.
Sorry.
Don't be. You deserve it.
Good to know that you understand.
Don't mix things up.
I come here to finish the fight with you.
Are you fine?
Come, fight me!
Let's finish the fight.
Come. Kick me.
Come!
Come! Get here!
Stab me? I'll twist your piggy ears!
Twist them off!
Still stab me in the eyes?
Come on! Come!